# fire : CodeIgniter Controller and Model generator
This little script lets you generate controllers and models very easily in your codeigniter-based app.

## Installation
The first thing you have to do is move the *fire* script to a folder of your choice. For the sake of the exemple, I will put it in *~/bin*. You then have to add *~/bin* to your PATH. In Unix-based systems, add the following line to *.bashrc*, *.bash_profile*, *.zshrc* or the like: (In OS X)

    PATH=Users/aziz/bin:$PATH

Obviously you would have to replace aziz by your user name. Also, make sure that *fire* is executable. On Unix-based systems (from the command line):

    chmod a+x fire

## Basic usage
Fire works out of the box, all you have to do is navigation to the application folder via the command line and use the fire command. Some examples:

--------------------
    fire controller posts
This command will create a posts controller in the controllers folder.

--------------------
    fire controller
This will also create a controller, however the user will be asked to enter a name.

--------------------
    fire model post
This command will create a post model in the models folder.

--------------------
    fire model
This will also create a model, however the user will be asked to enter a name.

## Advanced usage
You can create multiple controllers/models at the same time and add new actions/methods to those controllers/methods. There is a couple of keywords that you can use:

* **new**: create new actions/methods.
* **controller**: create additional controllers.
* **model**: create additional models.

### Examples
#### Create three controller:
	fire controller posts comments pages
This command will create the Posts, Comments and Pages controllers.

#### Create a controller and add two actions to it:
	fire controller posts new add edit
This command will create the Posts controller and add to it the add and edit actions.

#### Create a controller and add one action and one private method to it:
	fire controller posts new view _count
This command will create a Post controller and add to it the view action and the _count private method.

#### Create multiple controllers and models with each additional public/private actions/methods:
	fire controller posts new add edit _count controller comments new add edit approve _is_spam model post new get_one get_many update delete add _get_comments
This command will create two controller and a model:

* The Posts controller with the following actions/methods:
* * The add action
* * The edit action
* * The _count private method
* The Comments controller with the following actions/methods:
* * The add action
* * The edit action
* * The approve action
* * The _is_spam private method
* The Post model with the following methods:
* * The get_one public method
* * The get_many public method
* * The update public method
* * The delete public method
* * The add public method
* * The _get_comments private method

## Changelog
### 03/02/2010
* New feature: Create multiple controllers/models at a time.
* New feature: Add public/private actions/methods to new controllers/models.
* Updated: Better notification system.
* Soon: Create new CodeIgniter projects.

### 03/13/2010
* New feature: Create new CodeIgniter projects (Work in progress - Additional features coming soon).
* Updated: Removed all the references to the source of the errors/warning in the message outputs that use user sees.